feat: add ga4 plugin (#654)
denoland/saaskit: README.md

   [set up your Stripe branding](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/branding)
   to customize the look and feel of your Stripe checkout page.

> ### Google Analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Analytics (Optional)
```

> Set `GA4_MEASUREMENT_ID` in your production system to enable google analytics.
> Note: it is not recommended to set this locally, otherwise your tests and
> debugging will be logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `GA4_MEASUREMENT_ID` in your production environment to enable Google Analytics.

> Note: it is not recommended to set this locally, otherwise your tests and
> debugging requests will be logged.
```
